okay so if you've long forgotten your
teddy bear
and replace it with a smartphone at
least don't put it under your pillow
it can cause a fire especially if being
charged
the heat is trapped under the pillow the
phone gets hotter and hotter and you
know what happens when there's too much
heat
you could become a hot head also phones
tablets and any other gadgets release
electromagnetic waves and microwaves
the thickness of your skull will
generally prevent them from getting to
your brain
but the risk is still there now if
you're particularly concerned about
microwaves
and even afraid of talking on the phone
go for a handset
loudspeakers video chat or even texts
are a good way to communicate too
phone holster is an option too at least
they create a kind of a barrier between
your body
and emf emission plus a handset is
really handy for taking selfies
you can take a pic not only with the
volume button but simply by hitting the
volume button on your headphones
this hack works both for iphone users
and many android ones
remember that it usually works with
original headphones
another place you shouldn't charge your
phone is in a car
a rental one is a total no the usb
port is basically public there so think
about
cyber security to make your charge safer
you can either use your own power bank
or wait until you find a safe plug not
only is insecure
in terms of your battery but checking
your phone and struggling with usb
while driving is a terrible idea too
don't charge your phone in cafes juice
jacking is an issue in cafes
too moreover the usb port capabilities
are not powerful enough either
so it's a combo but if you use an
electric
outlet and not a usb port it's actually
pretty safe
unless the plug is faulty if the only
thing that actually worries you are the
messages that you're kind of curious to
read
but don't feel like opening try this
hack it works for both
whatsapp and telegram open the app and
scroll to the chat you need
now tap and hold you'll see the pop-up
window
you'll be able to read the message but
it will stay unread for the sender
it only works for iphones though if you
accidentally crack the screen on your
phone replace it with a new one as soon
as you can
yeah it might not seem a problem since
the touchscreen still works
but all the grease and dust will get
through the cracks
it will eventually damage the inside so
hurry up
facial skin is sensitive and your phone
is almost seven times
dirtier than a toilet seat hmm now
picture
rubbing a toilet seat against your cheek
that's your cheek
not mine yeah so try not to press the
phone against your face
and always sanitize the screen
humidity is probably your phone's worst
enemy don't leave it in the bathroom
countertop as you shower
the moisture collects inside the phone
there's also an army of germs ready to
descend
on your phone a toilet flush spreads
bacteria within three feet
you get it but if you enjoy scrolling
the feed while sitting on the throne
remember that not only your hands but
your phone needs disinfecting too
your highness your iphone has an
indicator that shows whether the phone's
been in contact with water
open the sim card tray and under the
serial number
you'll see the water damage indicator
sticker it's a small
line if it's white the phone's never
been in contact with water
if it's red it means the phone was
damaged by h2o
blue light brightness and font size can
cause
headaches sometimes go to settings and
turn on the blue light filter
it's called night shift in iphones and
eye saver or eye
comfort in androids when you're in a car
don't put your phone in the glove
compartment the temperature there
depends on the season
so beware of cold and heat they can ruin
your battery and cut your phone's
lifespan
be careful using the phone on the beach
don't leave it in the sun or in your
beach towel
though it doesn't need sunscreen and
there's no way it can have sunburn
it can be badly damaged by scorching
rays
lithium batteries are just like humans
their operation temperature range
is 59 to 95 degrees fahrenheit
don't charge your phone if it's over 95
degrees because it may cause damage to
the battery
try not to charge it in a cover we know
cell phones don't really enjoy heat
the heat gets trapped inside it so it
can ruin your battery
never try to cool it off in the freezer
lithium batteries are not
fans of cold either if your socket is
almost at the floor level
and you are a bit squeamish about it use
a shampoo
all you need is an empty shampoo bottle
cut off the lid and make a hole on the
back to put the cord through put the
phone inside that bottle
plug in and hang the holder right on the
charger
counterfeit chargers are not the best
choice not only do they damage your
battery
but there's also a chance of explosion
if you use one
don't use your phone while it's being
charged stay away from usb
charging too it's notoriously slow
multitasking doesn't exhaust your
battery as long as the apps in the
background
aren't actually working like some
location tracking apps
or any music player if for some reason
you don't want to close the apps on
standby it's okay to leave them be
your phone may malfunction not only
because of battery problems
unnecessary data can make it work slower
so
reboot your phone once a week too many
pics or documents don't make it work any
faster either
if you store all the important
information in a cloud
you'll also have access to it from any
device
you don't need to go to zero before
charging the phone again
this myth is pretty old and doesn't work
for most modern batteries
the best way to tackle it is a partial
discharge
for example you can keep your charge in
the range of forty to eighty percent
it's pretty complicated but it will
balance your battery use
if you wanna stop using your phone for
some time charge it at fifty 50
and turn it off this percentage is said
to be the healthiest for a lithium-ion
battery
don't forget to turn it on once every
few months and top up the battery
if you don't lock your phone when you
don't use it it may eat up too much of
your battery
phones usually have default screen lock
for about two minutes
and sometimes it's a bit too much
setting it to one minute or even 30
seconds
could make your battery last longer
setting a dark theme
helps to save the juice too pockets are
one of the worst
places to keep your phone especially the
rear pants pockets
you can lose it or accidentally sit on
it and crack the screen
also a phone has a full range of signals
that are just
might not be too good for your health
mobile data
bluetooth wi-fi and also nfc are on the
list
by the way don't use public wi-fi if you
don't want to leak your personal data
at least turn on the airplane mode if
you still want to keep your phone in the
pocket
some protection shields can be handy if
you put your phone inside them
you will reduce radiation by almost
seven times
if compared with when you put it into
the pocket
don't forget to refresh your iphone's
operative memory every now and again
it can help your device work better and
faster to do that
you got to go to setting general
accessibility
assistive touch and turn it on press
plus then minus then the power button
you'll see the power off bar press the
assistive touch
and hold the home button the operative
memories refresh now
if you see the enter pass notification
after you did it
it means you did it all right to refresh
the operative memory on your android
go to the task manager and select clear
memory
in the ram tab